# Domain Name Registrant Bulk Updater for the Cloudflare API

The shell script can be called remotely via CLI with the following syntax. Just fill in the required fields. A Cloudflare account that contains domain names is required for this script to work.

### Syntax

```
wget -O - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/getlynx/DomainNameRegistrant-BulkUpdater/main/registrant.sh | \
bash -s "first_name" "last_name" "organization" "address" "address2" "city" "state" "zip" "country" \
"X-Auth-Key" "X-Auth-Email" "Cloudflare Id" \
"domain name csv list"
```

### Sample

```
wget -O - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/getlynx/DomainNameRegistrant-BulkUpdater/main/registrant.sh | \
bash -s "John" "Doe" "NewCo, LLC" "123 Elm Street" "" "Ilion" "NY" "13357" "US" \
"87287697ab93ac22f6e2f32b16abcd123450b" "john@newco.com" "987a66ee23456f15fbf6607ebe65432c" \
"newco.com,newco.net,newco.org,newco.co,newco.io,newco.biz"
```

### Cloudflare Credentials

The *X-Auth-Key* value can be generated by logging into your Cloudflare account with a browser and visiting My Profile:API Tokens, and grabbing the Global API Key value. Never share your Global API Key with anyone.

The *X-Auth-Email* value is the email you use to log into your Cloudflare account.

The *Cloudflare Id* value can be found by logging into your Cloudflare account with a browser and grabbing this value from the URL for your session.

If the change request matches the information on file with Cloudflare, no change will occur, and no verification email will be sent - essentially, the change request is ignored.

Details about the Cloudflare API can be found [here](https://api.cloudflare.com/#registrar-domains-update-domain).

### Notes

The script includes a 15-sec pause after each domain name update. This is to make it easy on the Cloudflare API and give you time to visit your email and approve the changes while the script runs. You will get a verification email for each change request submitted. The email is sent to the (previous) email on file with each respective domain. 

Install *wget* on MacOS with [Brew](https://www.fossmint.com/install-and-use-wget-on-mac/).

This script does not include the following fields; phone, email, fax.
